Yasmine Elfares
46-1357
yasmine.elfares@student.guc.edu.eg
T-22

Mark Sroor
46-5861	
mark.sroor@student.guc.edu.eg
T-22

Carol Emad	
46-0285	
carol.halim@student.guc.edu.eg
T-22

Lougina Hatem
46-13014	
lougina.backar@student.guc.edu.eg
T-22

Dareen Mohamed	
46-0416	
dareen.abdelwareth@student.guc.edu.eg
T-18

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BEEF or CHICKEN

Tasks assigned:

	

Lougina:
11		The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to search for available flights based on number of passengers (children and adults), departure airport and arrival airport terminals, departure and arrival dates and cabin class. **Assume all trips are round-trip**
12	11	The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to select one of the departure flights from the list of available departure flights.
13		The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to see all the details of a particular departure flight. The details should include flight number, departure and arrival times, trip duration, cabin class and baggage allowance.
14	11	The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to view a list of all available return flights based on the search criteria.  The list should include flight number, departure time and arrival time, trip duration and price.
15	14	The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to select one of the return flights from the list of available return flights.
16	15	The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to see all the details of the selected return flight. The details should include flight number, departure and arrival times, trip duration, cabin class and baggage allowance.
17		The system should allow any Guest User/ Existing  User to see a summary of the chosen departure and return flights, including the dates and times of the departure and return flights, the price of each flight, the chosen cabin (Economy/ Business Class), the chosen seat and the total price of the entire ticket.
18	17	The system should allow any Existing User to confirm reserving the chosen flight.
24	23	The system should provide any Existing User with his/her itinerary (a summary of the chosen departure and return flights, including the dates and times of the departure and return flights, the chosen cabin (Economy/ Business Class), the chosen seat and the total price paid for the entire ticket along with a confirmation/ booking number).
(+ setup redux store)

Mark:
19	17,18	The system should allow any Existing User to view the available seats in the chosen cabin of the chosen departure flight. (viewing the seat icons on the flight)
20	19	The system should allow any Existing User to select one or more of the available seats in the chosen cabin of the chosen departure flight (based on the the number of passengers the booking is for).
21	17,18	The system should allow any Existing User to view the available seats in the chosen cabin of the chosen return flight.
22	21	The system should allow any Existing User to select one or more of the available seats in the chosen cabin of the chosen return flight (based on the the number of passengers the booking is for).
+(general debugging and integration :) )

Dareen:- 
The system should allow any Existing User to view all their current reserved flights.
The system should allow any Existing User to cancel a reservation (add exact seats back to both flight)
The system should allow any Existing User to confirm canceling a reservation
The system should automatically email any Existing User with their canceled reservation and the amount to be refunded.
			- Frontend of Viewing reservations & reserved flights  
        	- Frontend of Cancelling Reservations & Confirming Cancelling Reservations   
			  

Yasmine:-
Backend: 
The system should allow any Existing User to cancel a reservation.
The system should automatically email any Existing User with their canceled reservation and the amount to be refunded.
The system should allow any Existing User to edit their information including first name, last name, passport number and email.

Carol:- 
Front and back:
The system should reflect any changes made to the Existing User's information on any current reservations/ itinerarys
Front:
The system should allow any Existing User to edit their information including first name, last name, passport number and email.
Back:
The system should allow any Existing User to view all their current reserved flights.
Front and back:
View User info 
